he really is that greedy Jew cawww you
know what I mean so let's like what they
say about greedy Jews that's actually
Jake so he's a greedy Jew yes okay but
greedy Jews aren't actually greedy Jews
Jake Paul's the real greedy Jew he's a
greedy he's a he's the greediest
jewish boy okay you know what I mean we
talk about real things here so that's
Jake Paul the greedy Jew greedy Jew Jake
Paul YouTube will love that
Jake Paul today but but you know what
I'm saying screws that he doesn't have
to live with that label and he should
big time get a pen forever that says you
okay oh not a Jew flare again people
people are calling them worse things
that like people are calling me an idiot
or a fool different it's the greedy
thing that it's like that racially
motivated like when the greedy Jew like
you have to live with that people engage
in a great deal of wishful thinking
about YouTube they imagine that the
problems with YouTube are the product of
artificial intelligence of an algorithm
that's guiding a robot and when you
cross-examine them on this when you just
do a little bit of Socratic method it's
okay how do you know what you think you
know it's very soon revealed that all
they've done is heard rumors in the
media or rumors on Twitter or they've
invented some of these rumors themselves
the see phenomena on YouTube they can't
understand and they attribute it to a
robot a mechanism an algorithm and the
reality is what we see and interact with
here on YouTube is very much the product
of human decisions made by human hands
censorship on YouTube is done by human
beings period those human beings may be
paid a very low salary they may be
expected to work very quickly like only
look at your video for five seconds
fourthly make decision so it may seem
a robot make the decision the people
making these decisions they may not
speak English very well English may be
their second language of their third
language and if you upload to YouTube in
a language other than English I really
wonder if they have the skilled staff to
do censorship in those other languages
what if I were uploading videos in
Cambodia do they really have enough you
know employees who can analyze what is
and what isn't offensive in the
Cambodian language right
so there are snap judgments to be made
by human beings just lately
in a space of about two weeks I had
human to human interactions with more
than six people at Google uh-ohh in the
past I really did not have that
experience when I was challenging them
on on censorship I don't know if that's
because Google's own policies have
changed or if it's because my own
channel status has been promoted I've
had more than four million views on this
channel I've been making money for the
YouTube corporation for four or five
years now right like they've made money
out of me I don't really make any money
out of that's okay so I think I am
enough of a valued customer that I now
get those human interactions when I ask
a question made a complaint I didn't in
the past in the past I really didn't and
you know there's a telling example where
there was one of my videos that was
censored three times and it was censored
as hate speech and my whole channel got
like flag my whole channel got a black
mark for having a video that supported
hate speech and you know you can imagine
it's not an algorithm it's not a robot
but probably the human being who made
that decision the first time for the
first wave of censorship and then again
there was a second round and a third
round and it kept getting more censored
and well at the top round the video was
completely removed from YouTube like the
first round of censorship they removed
comments they said okay we're going to
disable comments we're gonna disable
features and we're going to delist the
video like people can only find the
video if someone shared the link but it
won't be seen any other way become
invisible like went through this thing
and then the final level was when they
informed me the video would just be
completely deleted be completely removed
and that video was me criticizing
someone else for being racist it was not
me promote
racism and ironically if these people
could even read English
when I quoted the person I was
criticizing there was a disclaimer
written at the bottom of the screen
because like I was aware about the way
censorship works censors might just
watch 15 seconds of this out of context
well if you watch those 15 seconds I'm
gonna have the disclaimer at the bottom
saying look this is me quoting the
person I'm criticizing right so this one
through three rounds of censorship and
then mysteriously what about two years
later like really there was a big gap of
time there right all the censorship was
undone the video was restored it's on my
channel now anyone can see it right so
those are four stages of decision-making
that all involve human beings and the
fourth and final stage probably was
after my YouTube channel got some kind
of promotion at their end where I'm now
talking and interacting with human
beings who speak English as their first
language I'm some kind of higher
priority for customer service after you
know after years and years and after
millions of views where I got some kind
of slightly better treatment okay so I
deal with censorship from YouTube under
many different headings for many
different grounds and the notion that
any of this goes on automatically that
any of this is the product of a magic
algorithm is a really strange form of
wishful thinking on the part of the
audience they just they want to believe
that YouTube is magically something very
different from what they see on TV news
okay what you see on a broadcast
television channel wherever you live
channel 11 is the product of editorial
decisions made by human beings human
beings choose what will get broadcast
and what will not get broadcast and in
what order and what priority and YouTube
on a massive scale is much the same
thing we did have revealed in
congressional inquiries in United States
YouTube is in a very difficult legal
position legally they are forced to lie
to the audience and they're forced to
lie to Congress and pretend that they're
not making editorial decisions when they
are there walking a very very fine line
because if they admit that there
editorial decisions then they're
responsible for the content for example
they're responsible for defamatory
content in the same way that the
publisher of a newspaper the publisher
of a magazine is partly liable is partly
financially responsible if that
newspaper publishes something false
defamatory are damaging they come under
a section of a law called section 230
that means they can't be sued for the
material that their users put up YouTube
was able to disclaim this by saying oh
no no they just create the the platform
they just create the software and the
hardware because there's a lot of
hardware involved in you know providing
streaming video services globally on a
massive scale they just provide the
hardware software and then you as the
uploader you are the publisher you are
the editor you are the creator that's
why it's called YouTube and they
disclaim any responsibility okay that is
not true
that's a self-serving illusion partly
created by YouTube and partly created by
the audience because we seem to be so
eager to be diluted alright there is no
algorithm who succeeds and who fails who
is censored and who is promoted it is
controlled by human hands at YouTube
what videos you see on the front page of
YouTube how they're ranked how they're
ordered especially within political
discourse what gets categorized as
left-wing what gets categorized as
right-wing what gets categorized as the
dangerous lunatic fringe what gets
categorized as like flat earther and
conspiracy theory and what gets promoted
the way the Young Turks work we don't
produce news ourselves and of course
like someone out of their garage can
upload a video and say their point of
view about what happened with the news
but we're not gonna recommend that when
there's a breaking news event we're
gonna recommend companies that we know
have a long tradition of delivering
reliable news
these are editorial decisions made by
human hands and yes you know there are
things that slip through the fingers
these human hands are not perfect it's
been not by any means and the amount of
attention they will pay to a channel
like h3 h3 is more than they pay to my
channel and the amount of attention that
my Channel today is more than they paid
to my channel in the past and that's why
the same video was censored three times
with increasing severity and then after
my channel that's some kind of promotion
and I complained a human being looked at
this videos like what were the other
guys thinking why was this censored
obviously this video is Against Racism
he's quoting somebody who's racist when
criticizing it right so this is what we
all deal with this we will do it I'm
absolutely certain that you know Ethan
the host of h3 h3 is not anti-semitic
I'm certain that he's not racist but
we're supposed to have one set of rules
that applies to everyone equally and we
don't because if I made this joke Ethan
made my channel would get punished for
it and just in quoting him here my
channel may be punished for it even
though his channel won't be punished for
having it up repeatedly
[Music]